B1 (#1)
andrewseif/Resume: Summary.tex

\begin{rSection}{Summary}
    % Elevator Pitch Summary Start
    % Credentials and Major projects

>     A seasoned software engineer with over 10 years of experience designing and building scalable, distributed systems for enterprise-level applications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Software engineer with 10+ years of experience designing and building scalable, distributed systems for enterprise-level applications.
```

>     I specialize in backend development, where I’ve architected solutions that handle millions of users while ensuring high availability and performance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Specialized in backend development. Architected solutions that handles millions of users while ensuring high availability and performance.
```

>     My expertise spans cloud-native technologies, microservices architecture, and DevOps practices, enabling me to deliver robust, scalable solutions that drive business growth.

Reviewer: The last sentence that I removed is written per each job description
```suggestion
    Experienced in cloud-native technologies, microservices architecture, and DevOps practices.
```

>     I’m passionate about solving complex technical challenges and empowering teams to build systems that scale seamlessly.

Reviewer: The last sentence that I removed is written per each job description

```suggestion
```

>     I’ve successfully managed end-to-end delivery of enterprise-grade systems, from requirements gathering to deployment, ensuring alignment with business goals and technical excellence.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Managed end-to-end delivery of enterprise-grade systems, from requirements gathering to deployment, ensuring alignment with business goals and technical excellence.
```
